Hello everyone. This is the second part
of uh the main menu series and this is
this part want to fix some
problems and add functionality the start
button and the cute button. I have to
open the widget. Okay. My menu widget.
Okay. M. After opening this one, we have
to go right this and select the start
button from this one. And you want you
can select from this or you can select
from this button. Once it's selected, we
have to go down right
here and go to the event and click it.
Press this plus button. After doing this
and one you start press starting button
you do the level one it's open it
automatically.
Okay. Drag this one right here and open
level one by name. Uh we have a problem.
We have not creating the level number
one. Okay. To do that, we have to go in
the main menu and we have to create
another
level. Level number
one. Okay. Open this level. Save
selected. Save
all. Okay. In this level, we have to add
a
landscape. Let's create. After adding
the landscape, we want to add lighting.
We have to go to window and environment
light
mix sky
light direction light at sky atmosphere
create light f and finally volutric f
after doing all of this we have to go
down here in the volutric fold and
enable this one.
Okay, let's go. Right
now, now let's return to selection mode.
After returning to the selection mode,
we have to go to basics. After going to
basic
dash, drag this one right
here. Okay, we have a problem here in
the game mode and level number one. The
game mode override is set to none. You
have to change this one to be third
person game mode. This is a default one.
When you use custom character, we have
to choose your game mode. Okay. And
let's test her
out. Okay, it's worth
trying. Now, let's add this
functionality for the start. But okay,
level
one. Okay, duplicate this one. Level
two.
level
three. Let's go here to my menu main
menu widget
print and from this level name we have
to type the scene name
as let's create it right now we go to
the
main press Ctrl
C return here control
V if we have some space we have to
disable disable all the space to
take all and let's this
route. Let's return right now to the my
main. Okay. Start button. It works
perfectly. The level number one it's
open
it. Okay. Now this is the first one.
Okay. Second thing we have to add
functionality to the kit button. Select
this button. and go
down event on clicked. When I click this
one, I drop kit kit
game as
preference. Compile and save
all. Okay, right now it's done.